Support OpenSSL-based crypto wrapper (#3395)
openenclave/openenclave: CHANGELOG.md

[Unreleased][Unreleased_log]
--------------

## Breaking Changes

> - liboembed is renamed to liboembedtls.

Reviewer: An install of OE SDK built from current master has the following mbed libraries:
- libmbedcrypto.a 
- libmbedtls.a     
- liboecryptombed.a 
- libmbedx509.a   

liboembed is not in the list. Did you mean libmbedtls.a ?

It is not clear what the difference is between liboecryptombed.a and libmbedcrypto.a.

Author: There is a typo, thanks for catching this.

> - The `openenclave-config.cmake` and `openenclave-lvi-mitigation-config.cmake` no longer include liboembedtls as `PUBLIC` link requirement for liboeenclave.

Reviewer: There is no liboembedtls currently.

> - liboecryptombed is renamed to liboecryptombedtls.
> - The `openenclave-config.cmake` and `openenclave-lvi-mitigation-config.cmake` no longer include liboecryptombedtls as `PUBLIC` link requirement for liboeenclave.

Reviewer 2: It might help to link the two statements:
```suggestion
- liboecryptombed is now called liboecryptombedtls and will no longer be automatically included as a link dependency when linking liboeenclave in CMake.
   - The `openenclave-config.cmake` and `openenclave-lvi-mitigation-config.cmake` will not specify the renamed liboecryptombedtls as a `PUBLIC` link requirement for liboeenclave.
```

Author: Updated.

>     - Enclave apps that build with CMake and use the Open Enclave cmake configurations must now explicitly include `openenclave::oecryptombedtls` when linking `openenclave::oeenclave`.

Reviewer: The name `oecryptombedtls` indicates that tls functionality is being added to the enclave, which not all enclaves might want to do.
Did you mean `oecryptombed` ?

     - See the [CMakeLists.txt in the helloworld sample](samples/helloworld/enclave/CMakeLists.txt#L32) for an example.

>      - This change does not currently affect enclave apps relying on pkgconfig.

Reviewer 3: why does it not affect pkgconfig?

Author: In pkgconfig, we already explicitly link the `oecryptombedtls` (https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/blob/master/pkgconfig/CMakeLists.txt#L82). However, we will need to update the pkgconfig once we support samples with `oecryptoopenssl`.

  https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbedtls/releases/tag/v2.16.7) for the set of
  issues addressed.

### Breaking change

> - Now enclave applications need to explicitly link against oecryptombed (or oecryptoopenssl).

Reviewer 3: @mingweishih , adding a couple of lines around what @anakrish describes would be helpful. I would like to point to this in the email I send out to the community regarding the breaking change.

> - Now enclave applications need to explicitly link against oecryptombed (or oecryptoopenssl).

Author: Updated the changelog. Note that only building enclaves with cmake are affected by this changes. Our make + pkgconfig already does this (explicitly link oeecryptombed), so no modifications are required.
